well the 2015 dolphin schedule is out
and boy is it a tough one hey guys well
a couple of things stand out about the
Dolphins new schedule for 2015 first of
all they've got the first two games on
the road and their excuse was well we
want to give time for the renovations to
be done wait a minute don't the dolphins
play two home games in the preseason
doesn't make much sense to me well and
besides that now we come to the hard
parts only one true home game in the
first five games ouch yeah that extra
game that we do have a home game in the
first five but it's going to be played
in London so we could have to I wish I
should correct that and say we're going
to two home games but one is in London
Thank You mr. Ross you idiot anyways I
digress another thing that's going to be
very difficult as midseason I got a
cheat sheet here so I gotta look down we
play the patriots bills and eagles all
on the road all in a row that's going to
be difficult this could be a killer for
the season if they don't come out of
this ahead and I'm really really worried
about a little bit about that stretch
it's going to be a tough time now
looking at the last half of the season
favors the Dolphins for being at home
but who they play some really tough
games I think almost every single one of
them is against a last year's playoff
team they play the cowboys to play the
ravens the Giants Giants weren't a
playoff team but they play the chargers
colts patriots and the jets
I mean that's a killers row right there
the jets are going to be vastly improved
make no bones about that hate the jets
but they are going to be improved too
bad but then the bills to the bills are
not going to be a walkover this is our
division has really really tightened up
New England's not going to have it is
easy within the division this year I
think that everybody could go three and
three and is not out of the realm of
possibility everybody in the division is
three and three the last two games of
the year the Colts and then the Patriots
now the Dolphins better not be like
eight and six with needing one when to
get in the playoffs those two teams are
going to be primed and ready and
probably going to be looking to get a
seed in the you know the number one seed
even in the init playoffs so we've got
to be on our toes and we cannot wilt
like we have the last two years under
Joe Philbin it's really been
embarrassing and he needs to get his
head out of his ass you know Joe you got
to step it up this year brother or you
are going to be hitting the pavement so
that's my look a very quick look at that
at the 2015 schedule all right guys more
coming soon here we signed an offensive
guard today hmm
never seen